Add documentation for viadot 2.0 with new repository structure (#929)
dyvenia/viadot: docs/user_guide/adding_prefect_flow.md

> Let's assume that we've finished adding our source `PostgresSQL`. We want to use it in our flow `postgressql_to_adls`. This flow will take a table from the PostgreSQL database using our previously defined source and upload it to the Azure Data Lake.

Author: [📝 Improved docs in adding_prefect_flow.md](https://github.com/dyvenia/viadot/pull/929/commits/6c2955f2cda853850d7e9cc82c8d492de3f1a65a)

> We will have to create a task that will take our data from the PostgreSQL database and put it into flow, where the task sending data to the Azure Data Lake already exists.

Author: [📝 Improved docs in adding_prefect_flow.md](https://github.com/dyvenia/viadot/pull/929/commits/6c2955f2cda853850d7e9cc82c8d492de3f1a65a)

```

When adding a new integration test for our task, we have to also handle import and skip test if package is not installed in our environment.

```python
# prefect_tests/integration/test_adls.py

import pandas as pd
import pytest

try:
    from viadot.sources import AzureDataLake

    _adls_installed = True
except ImportError:
    _adls_installed = False

if not _adls_installed:
    pytest.skip("AzureDataLake source not installed", allow_module_level=True)

```

## Add prefect flow

The last step of our development is to define the completed flow. We store flow in the `viadot/src/viadot/orchestration/prefect/flows/` directory, where each Python file is one flow template.
The name of the file should explain from where to where we send data, so in our example, `postgresql_to_adls.py`, which means we're sending data from the PostgreSQL database to Azure Data Lake.

```python
from viadot.orchestration.prefect.tasks import df_to_adls, postgresql_to_df

from prefect import flow

@flow(
    name="extract--postgresql--adls",
    description="Extract data from PostgreSQL database and load it into Azure Data Lake.",
    retries=1,
    retry_delay_seconds=60,
)
def postgresql_to_adls()

>     # Logic of our flow.

Reviewer: I would include the best practice example here, same as in the task example. So show how to call  `postgresql_to_df()` and `df_to_adls()` here.

Author: [📝 Improved docs in adding_prefect_flow.md](https://github.com/dyvenia/viadot/pull/929/commits/6c2955f2cda853850d7e9cc82c8d492de3f1a65a)

```

> At the end, add tests for the specified flow in `viadot/tests/orchestration/prefect_tests/flows`. Your PR will be accepted only if the test coverage is greater than or equal to 80%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end, add tests for the specified flow in `viadot/tests/integration/orchestration/flows/test_<your_flow_name>.py`.
```
